RACKN LIMITED USE SOFTWARE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
=====================================================

*Note: This license applies to extensions, related components and software supporting the Apache 2 licensed Digital Rebar project.  It does not supersede the Digital Rebar license.*
 
BY CLICKING ON THE “I AGREE”, “I ACCEPT”, “CLONE” OR SUCH SIMILAR BUTTON OR
LINK AS MAY BE DESIGNATED FOR PURPOSES OF INITIATING THE DOWNLOAD FROM THE
INTERNET OF THE RACKN ENTERPRISE SOFTWARE PRODUCT (THE "APPLICATION") AND
USING THE APPLICATION YOU AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY THE INCLUDED LICENSE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
 
RACKN® is SPYWARE-FREE AND NO REGISTRATION OR PERSONAL INFORMATION IS REQUIRED
FOR USE.
 
All rights not expressly granted hereunder are expressly reserved by RACKN®
 
.. contents:: Table Contents   :depth: 1

OWNERSHIP
---------
 
You acknowledge and agree that you are receiving a copy of the Application by
license only and not by sale and that the "first sale" doctrine of 17 U.S.C.
§109 does not apply to your receipt or use of the Application. You acknowledge
that the Application, including all code, content, protocols, software,
documentation and all other conceivable intellectual property rights related
to and in conjunction with the Application are provided to you by RACKN and
are RACKN property or the property of RACKN licensors, and are protected by
U.S. and international copyright, trademark, patent and proprietary rights and
international treaty provisions and all applicable law, such as the Lanham
Act, relating to Intellectual Property Rights. "Intellectual Property Rights"
means, collectively, rights under patent, trademark, copyright and trade
secret laws, and any other intellectual property or proprietary rights
recognized in any country or jurisdiction worldwide, including, without
limitation, moral or similar rights. You may not delete, alter, or remove any
copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notice RACKN has placed on
the Application.
 
LICENSE
-------

RackN and its licensors provide the Application to you and grants you a non-
exclusive, nontransferable license to where the Application is to be used at
home or business, you may install and use the Application on any computer or
computers of the type identified on the website.
 
RackN reserves the right to add additional features or functions to the
existing Application. You understand that RackN may require your review and
acceptance of RackN then-current privacy policy and/or end user license
agreement before you will be permitted a limited license for any subsequent
versions of the Application. You acknowledge and agree that RackN has no
obligation to make available to you any subsequent versions of the
Application.
 
It is understood and agreed that while the Application may or may not be “copy
protected,” you, as the Licensee, shall not copy the Application into any
machine-readable or printed form except for archival or for backup purposes,
nor shall you modify the Application and/or merge it into another computer
program.
 
It is further understood that the Application is primarily for evaluation and
non-commercial use. Non-commercial use of the Application, for purpose of this
agreement, includes uses on or in conjunction with: personal and corporate
products, professional services and development work in which revenue is
realized. The Application may not be offered for sale, used in conjunction
with goods/services being offered for sale, or used in advertising without the
express written consent of RackN. Where depiction of images created using the
Application occurs not on a Web site and where express consent is granted by
RackN in a written agreement separate and distinct in form and purpose from
this Limited Use End User License Agreement, the Application may be used at or
by a business for commercial purposes in accordance with the separate and
distinct express written agreement. You agree not to modify, copy, distribute,
transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative
works from, transfer, or sell any content, including, without limitation,
copyright works, information, software, products or services.
 
If you the Application, you agree to: a. not use the Application to disparage
RackN, its suppliers, products, partners, services and investors for
promotional goods or for products which, in RackN sole judgment, may diminish
or otherwise damage RackN goodwill in the Application including but not
limited to uses which could be deemed under applicable law to a. not use the
Application in any manner that may disparage the Application or impair the
validity, scope, title or goodwill of RackN in the Application; b. acknowledge
that the Application and any related Trademarks shall not be modified to
infringe the copyright, trademark or common law rights of any person or
entity, and; d. acknowledge that nothing contained in any material produced by
you that incorporates the Application or any related Trademarks will
constitute a libel or slander against, or violate or infringe upon any right,
common law or otherwise, of any kind or nature whatsoever, of any person or
entity, including, without limitation, any right of privacy or publicity.


REVERSE ENGINEERING
-------------------

RackN retains all right, title, and interest in and to the Application, and
any rights not granted to you herein are reserved by RackN. You may not
reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, or translate the Application, or
otherwise attempt to derive the source code of the Application, except to the
extent allowed under any applicable law. If applicable law permits such
activities, any information so discovered must be promptly disclosed to RackN
and shall be deemed to be the confidential proprietary information of RackN.
 
TERM
----

This license is effective until terminated. You may terminate it at any time
by destroying the Application together with all copies in any form. This
license will also terminate upon conditions set forth elsewhere in this
agreement or if you fail to comply with any term or condition of this
agreement. You agree that upon such termination you will destroy the
Application together with all copies in any form.

JURISDICTION
------------

The following are terms of a legal agreement between you and RackN. By
accessing, downloading from the Internet, uploading from any portable media
storage device or installing the Application, you acknowledge that you have
read, understood, and agree to be bound by these terms and to comply with all
applicable laws and regulations, including U.S. export laws and regulations
including those which apply to export of data. If you do not agree to these
terms, do not use the Application. The material provided in the Application is
protected by law, including, but not limited to, United States Copyright Law
and international treaties. Those who choose to use the Application do so on
their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable laws.
Any claim relating to, and the use of, the Application and the materials
contained therein is governed by the laws of the State of New York.
 
INDEMNIFICATION
---------------

You hereby agree to indemnify, defendingnd and hold RackN, its affiliates,
subsidiaries, parents, shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents,
contractors, licensors, and representatives harmless from and against any and
all claims, loss, damage, tax, liability and/or expense that may be incurred
by RackN, its affiliates, subsidiaries, parents, shareholders, directors,
officers, employees, agents, contractors, licensors, and representatives
arising out of or in connection with the performance of its duties as
described in this Agreement including the legal costs, fees and expenses of
defending itself against any claim by any or all of the parties to any RackN
transaction and/or by any other person and/or as a result of your taking any
action or refraining from taking any action or instituting or defending any
action or legal proceeding.
 
You further agree to indemnify and hold RackN, its affiliates, subsidiaries,
parents, shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors,
licensors, and representatives harmless from any claim or demand, including
reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of
your use of the Application, your violation of the terms and conditions of
this Licensing Agreement, or the infringement by you, or other user(s) of the
Application using your computer, of any intellectual property or other right
of any person or entity.
 
DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATIONS OF REMEDIES
--------------------------------------

RACKN, THE MAKER OF THE APPLICATION, MAKES NO WARRANTIES THAT THE IMAGES
CONTAINED  HEREIN ARE FREE FROM INFRINGEMENT OF COPYRIGHT, OR ANY OTHER FORM
OF INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY. THE USER ASSUMES ALL LEGAL RISKS RELATED TO
DOWNLOADED/UPLOADED IMAGES. TO  THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, TUBEHEAD AND ITS SUPPLIERS PROVIDE TO  YOU THE APPLICATION, AND ANY (IF
ANY) SUPPORT SERVICES RELATED TO THE APPLICATION  ("SUPPORT SERVICES") AS IS
AND WITH ALL FAULTS; AND TUBEHEAD AND ITS SUPPLIERS HEREBY  DISCLAIM WITH
RESPECT TO THE APPLICATION AND SUPPORT SERVICES ALL WARRANTIES AND
CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, ANY (IF  ANY) WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF OR RELATED TO: TITLE, NON-
INFRINGEMENT,  MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, LACK OF
VIRUSES, ACCURACY OR  COMPLETENESS OF RESPONSES, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF
FACTUAL INFORMATION, FITNESS  FOR ANY SPECIFIC CURRICULUM OR AGE GROUP,
RESULTS, LACK OF NEGLIGENCE OR LACK OF  WORKMANLIKE EFFORT, QUIET ENJOYMENT,
QUIET POSSESSION, AND CORRESPONDENCE TO DESCRIPTION.  THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING
OUT OF USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE APPLICATION, COMPONENTS AND ANY  SUPPORT
SERVICES REMAINS WITH YOU.
 
EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, AND CERTAIN OTHER DAMAGES. TO THE
MAXIMUM  EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL TUBEHEAD OR ITS
SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE  FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING,  BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR: LOSS OF
PROFITS, LOSS OF CONFIDENTIAL OR OTHER  INFORMATION, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION,
PERSONAL INJURY, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF PRIVACY,  FAILURE TO MEET ANY
DUTY (INCLUDING OF GOOD FAITH OR OF REASONABLE CARE), NEGLIGENCE,  AND ANY
OTHER PECUNIARY OR OTHER LOSS WHATSOEVER) ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED
TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE APPLICATION OR THE SUPPORT SERVICES, OR
THE PROVISION  OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SUPPORT SERVICES, OR OTHERWISE UNDER
OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY  PROVISION OF THIS SUPPLEMENTAL END USER LICENSE
AGREEMENT (EULA), EVEN IF TUBEHEAD OR ANY  SUPPLIER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND REMEDIES. NOT WITHSTANDING ANY DAMAGES THAT YOU
MIGHT INCUR  FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL
DAMAGES REFERENCED  ABOVE AND ALL DIRECT OR GENERAL DAMAGES), THE ENTIRE
LIABILITY OF TUBEHEAD AND ANY OF ITS  SUPPLIERS UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS
SUPPLEMENTAL EULA AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR  ALL OF THE FOREGOING SHALL BE
LIMITED TO THE REPLACEMENT OF THE APPLICATION. THE FOREGOING  LIMITATIONS,
EXCLUSIONS, AND DISCLAIMERS SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, EVEN IF ANY REMEDY FAILS ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
 
If, for any reason, any part of this Agreement is deemed legally improper,
inapplicable or  inoperative, the remainder of the parts comprising the
entirety of the Agreement shall remain  legally proper, applicable and
operable. This Agreement grants permission only for the  allowances described
above and does not grant any additional rights for any copyright(s),
trademark(s), patent(s), trade secret(s), or other forms of intellectual
property/proprietary  rights belonging to RackN Inc., the maker of RackN
Enterprise.
 
